ah oh man where am I well what is this
place ah well I still got my bow I'm
still the beard Steve you must stop the
T&T before it's too late what what are
you talk whoa I don't know oh no I'm
coming for you what what what the hell
is this oh man it's not good must try
again all right this time I gotta stop
you tnt you're going down Oh what the
heck how is this jump possible ah I must
believe here we go I believe I can fly
oh shoot I can't do this oh oh no oh no
the TNT's can explode oh no oh hail
notch grant me power oh it's coming and
uh boom I've been striked and now have
the power 200 break it break it come on
break it oh damn it here we go yes I
have one your little parkour course off
crap won't stop me okay anyways that was
a really stupid really drama dramatic
dramatic of me showing you guys the
sprinting mod from for Minecraft Pocket
Edition which is really really cool as
you can see we can go ahead and sprint
and that is absolutely amazing look at
that look at that imagine the
possibility combining this with parkour
it means really hard but uh so yeah guys
this is the mod for Minecraft Pocket
Edition and now it loud and this mod
allows you to sprint as the title says
and this is one of the coolest mod I
have ever seen I mean um are a few bugs
I mean
of course so first of all you do need to
install this mod you do need to be
jailbroken like me so all you have to do
is go down to the description in the
description and there will be a source
at that source in there it will be i
think the file will be called minecraft
pocket edition sprinting and all you
have to do is install that and nothing
else I mean once you install that you're
all done and then that's all you need I
can't show you because I might lose my
audio here so I might show you in the
end just so you know we're all done here
so yeah once you install that we start a
springboard and you're all good and yeah
if you activate this like it's just like
the pc version you double tap forward
just like that just like that and you
won't get the glitching on the pc glitch
for it it's like this that's terrible so
yeah you won't get that it's rude oh
it's really cool I'm not sure if you go
side against a wall I'm a happens
but what one glitch I've found is that
you can actually pull a bow and run at
the same time look at that now you can
run a normal speed with a bull with a
bow told which is pretty cool and also
you can fly and go faster like this it's
pretty cool it's better than your normal
flying speed which is that I'm not sure
the ratio of the sprinting speed I think
it's two times your normal walk and see
I'm not sure though and you can do no
parkour jumps like I am doing and this
is really cool and this is just low
corset I made for the for the intro not
really yeah there you go I made this
it's probably the best thing I ever made
it's the probably simplistic so anyways
uh that is the sprinting mall guys if
you enjoyed this video please rate
comment subscribe and i will be showing
you guys the the download right there
and if I do lose audio I'm sorry for
that so if I do lose audio you know what
to do follow pretty much my on-screen
instructions which actually won't be on
the screen I'll just like guide you
through it so now I'll be quitting the
game and I might lose the audio so if I
do lose it just uh just watch the video
and see how it's not okay so um yeah
here we go
okay i have exit the mat to the manual
and if you can still hear me that's good
but if you can't well we're pretty much
screwed so what you want to do is go in
cydia ok i am highlighting this just so
in case I the audio is not working and I
want your in here oh you want to go go
and wait for it to load of course a hold
on let it load oh I don't think old load
so wait hold on give me a second not
sure if those world work at all so oh I
mean it's gonna work but I don't have a
better plan so that's why there we go
now you head back to cydia so just bear
with me here it is pretty late so i
won't not really it's ok late but you
know school tomorrow gotta prepare I
just canceled that go down to manage
right here manage manage ok I'm just
doing this in case you know there is no
volume so if you can still hear me I
mean this probably feels really stupid
we're going to sources hope right here
you want to add this small this right
here
okay or i'll type it or you can go down
to the description and grab it it's
cydia dot my repo space.com slash
diaries / and click Add okay or it's
down here if you want right there and
then you click on it and here is the
sprinting right there right there and if
you go in it go ahead and click that
install sent mine doesn't say install
right there go up there oh so yeah guys
this is the how to sprint or the sprint
mod in Minecraft Pocket Edition so enjoy
this video please share you come to
subscribe and I will see you next time